fix: add extra steps for monitoring docs (#2379)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/installing-prometheus-and-grafana.adoc

[id="installing-prometheus-and-grafana"]
= Installing Prometheus and Grafana

> You can install Prometheus and Grafana by applying `template.yaml` which provides an example monitoring stack consisting of basic configuration, Deployments and Services to get started with Prometheus and Grafana.

Reviewer: Something to consider:
```suggestion
You can install Prometheus and Grafana by applying `template.yaml`. The `template.yaml` file in this example provides a monitoring stack of basic configuration, Deployments and Services to get started with Prometheus and Grafana.
```

.Procedure

> For this example monitoring stack, Prometheus and Grafana will be installed in a new {orch-namespace} called `monitoring`. To install Prometheus and Grafana by using `template.yaml`:

Reviewer: The first sentence seems redundant to me as I read it because this info is repeated on the next line in the first step.
```suggestion
To install Prometheus and Grafana by using `template.yaml`:
```

> . Create a new {orch-namespace} called `monitoring`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Create a new {orch-namespace}, `monitoring`, for Prometheus and Grafana:
```
